That... today is the weekend,
Is your company off?
No.
However,
If you want to go out and play,
you can also take a day off.
Really? Then give me Diya's
contact information.
What do you want her contact information for?
I'm not very familiar with this place,
so I just want Diya to take me around.
Jilingling, do you feel I've been neglecting you as your husband?
as your husband?
Want to go out and play,
why don't you ask me to take you around?
I just think you're always so busy,
always so busy,
I always feel bad about bothering you.
Diya, I'm giving you the day off.
Why the sudden day off?
Today, take Jilingling
out to have some fun,
and relax.
Really?
Diya, I think I'll leave first,
I have something to do.
Since you're here, have some fun before you leave.
Um, please go back to your seats.
Good evening, both bosses.
You, come here.
Touch it.